[Autogenerated] all right.
Here we are in visual studio code.
And just for the sake of time,
I've actually taken the liberty of already setting up the state bucket
and dynamo DB table that Joshua Magee is going to use.
If you're following along,
you can deploy the configuration that is an eight app remote state set up.
But in the interest of time, I thought I would just set it up ahead of time.
Now let's expand out eight app deploy.
This is the application that we're going to deploy as Joshua Magee.
Let's start by opening up the commands dot txt.
The first thing I want to point out is you're going to need to create
the Joshua Magee user in the infrastructure account.
So if you haven't done that, I recommend going and doing that now,
and we're going to configure Joshua Magee to be able to manage E c.
Two.
I am Dynamodb, Lambda CloudFormation and RDS.
He's gonna have a lot of permissions here, and that's fine in our context.
In a production context,
you might want to lock down what Joshua Magee would be able to do.
But remember, this is development.
Once you have Joshua Magee set up as a user.
The next thing to do is to generate access keys for him and then create a
new profile using the AWS CLI and call that profile app.
So those were the first to actions that we're going to go through.
Once you have that all set up, we can move to the next step,
which is to deploy the Terra form configuration.
Before we do that, let's examine what's in the terra form configuration, shall we?